Is welcome back.
Kate lecture you we're going to do is we're going to set up a free A.W. as V.P. as OK.
Now we're going to do this because well it's free.
It's pretty easy to do.
And in order to use Jarvi in a way that we don't have to have on a laptop or desktop computer on constantly
we need to set up a VPN.
And if you guys are interested in trialing out zombies as a strategy or you just want to save money
for the first year this is a great way of doing it.
OK.
So how do you do this as you go to AWOS Amazon Dot com slash free and you'll see a page like this.
There's a lot of our goal and jargon and gobbledygook so try not to get too distracted.
So a lot of goofy terms when it comes to us especially at Amazon AWOS.
But if you just follow my instructions it should be relatively simple to go to create a free account.
OK then what it'll do is it'll ask you to set up an account if you have one you can earn.
You can just sign into that.
It's different than your regular Amazon one.
Just keep that in mind.
So go ahead and pick an account name.
Put in a password and it continue.
Next up it'll ask you to give them some information about your account.
This one's pretty simple.
Just give them what they want.
They will require a phone number so put a real phone number or you can use the burner system that we
talked about before.
So just put in your info please don't call me.
All right.
Once you fill that out check the box make sure you agree go to create accounting continue.
OK next step what to do is it's going to ask for a credit card number and you do actually have to give
it a credit card number unfortunately they don't charge you anything for the first year.
I think they just do this to make sure that you're actually serious and they're not just you know letting
a bunch of bots come on and just create tons and tons of free instances so give it what it wants and
hit secure submit.
Next step it is ask for phone verification.
Sounds pretty simple.
Give it your actual phone number or just said one of the burner phone numbers because what that'll do
is we'll patched through and call you put in the catcha to show that you're not a robot.
Next thing you do is just say call me now.
And what that will do is a robot will call you and it's going to read you a pen code which you're going
to have to enter in the next screen so make sure you have your phone handy dandy.
All right click that.
All right.
So now I have somebody calling me.
Let's see
you.
Please.
Thank you.
OK that was relatively simple.
None of my identity has been verified successfully.
I don't understand why that even counts as you're a danity being verified.
Just a phone number.
Next up what we wanna do is it basic plan gives us the free one.
Now if you guys obviously are familiar they tell us and you want to do a bigger one.
Go for it.
But we're just going to cover the free plan for now.
All right next up you'll see this screen and it gives you a bunch of 10 minute tutorials you can kind
of ignore that stuff what you want to do here is sign into the con..
Next up it'll ask for the e-mail address that you just used.
Next.
And your password.
All right.
Next up this is the screen we see.
Keep in mind guys that the point at which I'm filming this.
This is what it looks like.
But they do have a tendency to change the user interface quite a bit with AWOS.
It's always going to be the same buttons and the same features.
It just might look slightly different.
It's always going to be this you always want to go and look for launch or virtual machine with E.C to
what is easy to.
It's not really important but that's the type of service that a is offering us for free AWOS has a lot
of different services for storing data or running applications doing a whole on virtualization stuff
that's not terribly important for us.
We just want to go launch our virtual machine.
Ok then we have a bunch of options for our Amazon machine image with the colon.
I don't know why they need an abbreviation for that but what we want is we want to make sure that we
get a 64 bit Windows account because all these other ones are nice but Java doesn't run on Linux.
So that's something to keep in mind.
So specifically we want to look for a server probably 2012 or 2016 are to base.
So right here is the one that I know works for a fact and it says free tier eligible that's important.
You could theoretically do it on the 2016 base.
That's fine.
It's just the Darby's specifically tells us to use the tools and for whatever reason so hit select.
All right so now we have a bunch of different setups that we could use.
Now these are just ranges of how like how large of a resource base that you want to apply to your instance.
None of this is really particularly important.
We want the free one right so we just go to the old one that says free to you're eligible but good to
know that these are the ones you can upgrade to relatively easily.
So I'm going to review and launch.
That it hits a screen or it says review insense launch.
So give us some stuff like instance details none of this is terribly important.
Right now we can always come back and get any of that information we want it to at launch.
OK so now what is going to do is it's going to ask us to set up what's called a key pair and that's
just kind of like a funky way of setting up your password.
They don't just give you a standard password they give you this file that you upload.
That then allows you to create a password.
It's just like one extra level of security.
But I don't know I mean to some server companies actually do it this way.
So I want to go to create a new key pair right here.
And then you want to give it a name.
Now the name I think is just so that you can find it on your desktop relatively easily so also easy
to pass and I'll download my key pair.
Now make sure that when you download this you don't lose it because later on when you try to really
log in you'll need this.
And if you lost it.
Death's problem you may have to recreate a new account.
All right so I launched it.
Now it says your indices are now launching.
Great.
OK then it gives you much information on how to connect to them.
Now if you guys want to follow their advice and connect to their system their way that's perfectly fine
is a lot different ways to connect to a VPN.
It's really kind of comes down to personal preference.
Also the way that I do it so just going to view instances.
Hooray.
OK so we have this one and it's running.
So you get the green light.
That's good.
We have the public IP address right here.
Now remember in the previous lecture I said it's really important that you make sure that you have access
to your public IP.
Otherwise your proxy IPs will have some problems authenticating.
And that's just not good case.
Now what I want to do is I want to go up here to connect it connect and then what it will do is it will
give you the option to download what's called the remote desktop file.
Now the extension is like T.A.R.P..
What that is is just a file you can save on your desktop and then it allows you to pre fill in all the
information when you want to log in to your VPN.
So I'm using Microsoft remote desktop but application I can just open that file or import that file
and it'll set up all of the information that I need.
But if you remember from the last lecture it's not even hard.
I mean you only put in the three points of information so I don't really even care that much about using
this.
You want to use it.
Ardy piece or you can definitely do it.
But I think it's almost too simple.
OK so let's go here to get password.
OK.
And then it will ask me for my pair path and that's basically hey where is that key that we just gave
you.
So we want to go find it.
So right here looks like a certificate.
Kind of odd.
OK great.
Decrypt password and there you go.
Now that's your password.
Make sure copy that to your clipboard or even write it down if you can.
And we're going to hit close.
OK so at this point we have our password and it's something that we can type out on a keyboard.
It's not some funky key anymore.
Have our public IP address.
And we also know what our username is and it's always administrator.
So just kind of keep that in mind sometimes it's admin not administrator but that's pretty much it.
All right so then what I suggest doing and it's completely up to you.
There is a lot of ways you can do this is just to use Microsoft remote desktop.
So this is what Microsoft's remote desktop looks like it's free.
You just download it from Microsoft dot com.
Usually I just Google it because it's not something that's easy to find.
It's always almost always the first search if you just search for Microsoft remote desktop app and then
you just it get and it'll determine what your operating system is and give you the right package once
you install it.
It takes two seconds.
There's no there are any of any questions that give you.
It should pop up and look like this.
Very simple but also very easy to use.
Now if you want to set up a new connection just go up here new We're going to name it for free.
And PC name.
OK.
Well this is going to be the IP address that we had before.
So copy that over
to the user name which is always an administrator
then go to password and that's that password regenerated
All right.
Then you can exit out right there.
We have AWOS for free.
And then you just double click it if you open it.
So you see this initialising negotiating potential's
OK here we are.
Now we say other user.
OK.
Not sure why it says my username password is incorrect.
Might of done something slightly wrong.
Minister Raider type in the same password that you had before hopefully you wrote it down.
Type it and and then wait for it to authenticate OK and there we go.
Now we are in our Windows Server 2002 or two and the desktop looks like this.
If you ran into something else then you did something wrong.
Just as backing out and retrying it again but this is the Holy Land.
This is really all we care about now really all you want to do is just go to Internet Explorer which
should come with it.
And then just make sure that you install Jarvi.
So Cisco here go to Jarvi dot net you may have to add a bunch of trusted sites to your Internet Explore
one of the joys I guess of Internet Explorer is they don't trust anyone.
So trying to protect you from viruses presumably but it just looks like this.
And you can just download it by creating an account.
Actually you can start a free trial if you want.
OK then you can just go over to the starter package and start your free trial.
I believe their free trial.
So make sure it's only like four days or something.
But that's really the best you can do.
OK I think it's five days.
They fluctuate depending on it.
OK so it's set up so luckily they don't take a credit card from us so just give me your email address.
Start for the trial.
OK then you get this and what it'll do is it'll say you know welcome to Jarvi.
It will give you your username and or automatically give you password.
Make sure that you copy that password write it down somewhere.
You should have some text right here that says download the installer if they've changed the screen
at some point.
Well it could just be somewhere else like over here at Download Jarvi it's usually the easiest thing
to find.
So we go to that.
Yes click through all of the obnoxious security settings on your Internet Explorer and it should start
the download so we can do a direct download Google Drive PC blah blah blah.
So if you are running into security issues when you click direct downloads you might prefer just clicking
the Google Drive download because it takes you to this page and then you can download it from Google
Drive.
OK so if you guys are still having issues and you try to download it will give you a prompt saying hey
you can't download this.
What you have to do is you have to go to your control panel so you get to the bottom here the start
button go to Control Panel.
You should see the screen.
So go to network and Internet go to Internet options specifically right there.
And then you get this pop up that looks like it's from Windows 95 and then go to security right here.
So what you have to do is go to this screen go to custom level and then you should scroll through all
of this junk.
You should find something that says download files so it says downloads file download disable and click
Enable.
OK sure you want change settings zone.
Yes change saying zone it apply.
Now go back and it should let you download.
OK.
Save and then wait for it to download.
OK hit the downloads right there.
No hit run.
Now you'll go through the install system.
So pretty simple make sure that you agree to the license agreement.
Next next next next next install your system might be pretty slow.
So keep in mind all this is a small package.
It might take awhile to install OK.
Once it's done.
It'll say launch Jarvi hit finish.
OK you should have two shortcuts on the desktop.
I don't know why but Jarvi is right here.
And then just log in with the username and password you set up for OK.
Now remember your password was a very special code that Jarvi gave you.
So go back to the Derby application and then enter in your password that you got before.
OK once you log in this is what it looks like.
At first you will have nothing the first message you get is just Jarvi is now active which is good which
means that we are ready to set up Jarvi with the account so we've already created in the previous lectures.
So coming up what we'll do is we'll spend a couple lectures looking at Jervy because there's a lot to
it.
And I'll explain to you the sections that we care about and what settings seem to work at the moment
and kind of what areas should focus on tweaking in order to grow your zombie strategy.
OK.
Scenics lecture.